Add `refresh` query param to invalidate charts cache (#2201)
onaio/onadata: docs/charts.rst

 - ``html`` format response is a html, javascript and css to the chart
 - ``json`` format response is the ``JSON`` data that can be passed to a charting library

> A few things to note about the retrieving a chart for a specific field is that the resulting chart is cached for 10 minutes. The cache can be invalidated by passing in an optional ``refresh`` query parameter.

Author: ```suggestion
Note: When retrieving a chart for a specific field is that the resulting response is cached for ten minutes. The cache can be invalidated by passing in an optional ``refresh`` query parameter.
```
